added info about docker extension for studio (#413)
asyncapi/studio: README.md

docker run -it -p 8000:80 -e BASE_URL=/a/custom/path asyncapi/studio
```

> The studio is also avalibale as Docker Desktop Extension and more information can be found [here](https://github.com/thiyagu06/asyncapi-studio-docker-extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio is also available as a Docker Desktop Extension. For more information, check [the related repository](https://github.com/thiyagu06/asyncapi-studio-docker-extension).
```
